README.md, before:

# Quantopian API

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Gitlitio/quantopian-api)
[![Docs Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/quantopian-api/badge/?version=latest)](http://quantopian-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![PyPi Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/quantopian.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/quantopian/)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/quantopian.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/quantopian/)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-api/releases)
[![Requires.io](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://requires.io/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-api/requirements/?branch=master)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Gitlitio/quantopian-api)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-api/issues)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-api/blob/master/LICENSE)


***

## THIS IS ALPHA STATUS CODE AND IS NOT PRODUCTION READY.

### Install

```bash
pip install quantopian
```

Or to manually install, execute the following commands:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-api.git
cd quantopian-api
python setup.py install
```
***

## Documentation

Check out our documentation on [readthedocs](http://quantopian-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).


## Developers

### Makefile Targets

> Makefile commands will only work inside a [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) or a
[condaenv](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/envs.html)

#### `make init`

Initializes the virtualenv with an up-to-date version of setuptools, pip, and
[pip-tools](https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/).

#### `make install`

Runs [pip-compile] with `requirements/py<current interpreter version>.txt` and produces a compiled requirement file in
the `.cache` directory . The [pip-sync] is ran with the newly compiled requirements file. This makes sure you are
running with the latest release of dependencies, assuming you haven't pinned them in the
`requirements/py<current interpreter version>.txt` file.

#### `make lint`

Runs [pylint] and [pep8] on all packages in the project directory.

#### `make test`

Runs [py.test] tests located inside the tests/ folder and any test files nested in a package in the project directory.
Coverage is only calculated in this target.

#### `make test-unit`

Same as `make test` excluding coverage and tests marked as `integration`.

#### `make test-integration`

Same as `make test` excluding coverage and tests **not** marked as `integration`.

#### `make build`

Builds a wheel using setuptools' bdist_wheel command. Locally builds are tagged with dev (ex 0.1.0+dev). In the travis
build environment the wheel is tagged with the job number (ex. 0.1.0+build1.1).

#### `make clean`

Cleans the project of compiled python files and files generated by the above commands such as build and dist directories.


[pylint]: https://www.pylint.org/
[pep8]: https://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[py.test]: http://pytest.org/latest/
[pip-tools]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#pip-tools--pip-compile--pip-sync
[pip-compile]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#example-usage-for-pip-compile
[pip-sync]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#example-usage-for-pip-sync

Commit message:

Develop (#9)
* Updated docs and travis CI to poin to new github org (#8)

* Cleaned up the code and added some tests. Releasing 0.0.1a0.

* Adding QUANTOPIAN_EMAIL and QUANTOPIAN_PWD env vars to the .travis.yml

* Adding QUANTOPIAN_EMAIL and QUANTOPIAN_PWD env vars to the .travis.yml as a single env matrix

* Fixing broken validate_algorithm tests

* Disabling tests temporarily until I can figure out how to get passed rate limiting

* Renamed the project to quantopian-tools

* Re-enabled travis-ci tests and skipping auth tests

README.md, after:

# Quantopian Tools

> This project is not supported nor endorsed by [Quantopain](https://www.quantopian.com).

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools)
[![Docs Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/quantopian-tools/badge/?version=latest)](http://quantopian-tools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
[![PyPi Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/quantopian-tools/)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/quantopian-tools/)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools/releases)
[![Requires.io](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://requires.io/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools/requirements/?branch=master)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools/issues)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.svg)](https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools/blob/master/LICENSE)


***

#### This project is alpha and is actively being developed.

***

A collection of functions for automating actions on the Quantopian trading platform.


## Installation

```bash
pip install quantopian-tools
```

Or to manually install, execute the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Gitlitio/quantopian-tools.git
cd quantopian-tools
python setup.py install
```
***

## Documentation

Check out our documentation on [readthedocs](http://quantopian-tools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).


## Development

### Makefile Targets

> Makefile commands will only work inside a [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) or a
[condaenv](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/envs.html)

#### `make init`

Initializes the virtualenv with an up-to-date version of setuptools, pip, and
[pip-tools](https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/).

#### `make install`

Runs [pip-compile] with `requirements/py<current interpreter version>.txt` and produces a compiled requirement file in
the `.cache` directory . The [pip-sync] is ran with the newly compiled requirements file. This makes sure you are
running with the latest release of dependencies, assuming you haven't pinned them in the
`requirements/py<current interpreter version>.txt` file.

#### `make lint`

Runs [pylint] and [pep8] on all packages in the project directory.

#### `make test`

Runs [py.test] tests located inside the tests/ folder and any test files nested in a package in the project directory.
Coverage is only calculated in this target.

#### `make test-unit`

Same as `make test` excluding coverage and tests marked as `integration`.

#### `make test-integration`

Same as `make test` excluding coverage and tests **not** marked as `integration`.

#### `make build`

Builds a wheel using setuptools' bdist_wheel command. Locally builds are tagged with dev (ex 0.1.0+dev). In the travis
build environment the wheel is tagged with the job number (ex. 0.1.0+build1.1).

#### `make clean`

Cleans the project of compiled python files and files generated by the above commands such as build and dist directories.

---
Copyright 2016 Gitlit. Licensed under the 3-clause BSD. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

[pylint]: https://www.pylint.org/
[pep8]: https://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[py.test]: http://pytest.org/latest/
[pip-tools]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#pip-tools--pip-compile--pip-sync
[pip-compile]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#example-usage-for-pip-compile
[pip-sync]: https://github.com/nvie/pip-tools/#example-usage-for-pip-sync
